1. On the homepage all product cards must swap images when hovered upon. Show maybe 2-3 small bullets like Emori to allow image selection.

2. Visit DanaRebecca and see pages like sizing guide, diamond information, tips and tricks. Can be accessed at: https://www.danarebeccadesigns.com/pages/master-guide

3. Add Google Validation for sign up and login, OTP validation.


5. Better zoom functionality is needed for the product media. 

15. Create invoicing system and more importantly, a list of past all invoices.

16. I wanted to delete a desing with existing products. So, it didn't allow me to delete that design until I deleted products. Make an option to delete products also. 

17. When importing from csv, there should be an option to create designs also.

18. Mantaign Date uploaded for each product and design 

19. Filter, sort, grid view and list view for control panel. Select multiple products, designs and delete. 

20. On the storefront, there should be an option to browse all categories?

21. Can a product have multiple categories? Also, do we add a tag based system to instead of categories?

22. Allow from the product page in control panel to control which inventory it goes into. 
   Same for category page where we should be able to assign products into a category.

23. Rates are not updating at 00 and 0:30 every hour.

24. In the analytics, I want to see how many items sold month wise, year wise, how many grams sold, how many carats sold.

25. In the analytics, how many items we have in stock, how many grams of gold (14kt, 18kt) and how many carats of diamonds.

26. Suppose that in category page with 500 items, I scrolled down to page 15 of pagination. And I clicked on a product and 
    then from that product, i came back. It should remember my position and scroll down to that automatically.

27. Update pin code check for delivery. 

Features suggested by Qwen:
OTP verification (deferred)
Google Sign-in (deferred)
Email notifications (order confirmation, shipping updates)
Payment gateway integration (currently mock)
Admin dashboard for inventory management
Product search functionality
Wishlist/Save for later feature
Product reviews and ratings
Shipping cost calculation (currently always free)
Tax calculation beyond GST percentage


staff id: email@gmail.com password@123 9876543210

normal id: email2@gmail.com password@123 9876543211


STUFF TO TAKE CARE OF WHILE CREATING A DESIGN
4. We also don't need to ask color clarity in design. But when creating a product, we need to ask. 
   When we add a design, automatically assume that we are selling IJ/SI, JK/SI or HI/SI. Prices for these will be fixed and set in rate_card
